Allow ip ranges as trusted-notification-proxy (#9713)
PowerDNS/pdns: docs/settings.rst

``trusted-notification-proxy``
------------------------------

.. versionchanged:: 4.4.0

>    This option now accepts a comma-separated list of IP ranges. This was a single IP address as a string before

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This option now accepts a comma-separated list of IP ranges. This was a list of IP addresses before.
```
